Typo in eip-191 (#4677)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-191.md

* Multisignature wallets have also had the problem that a `presigned` transaction has not been tied to a particular `validator`, i.e a specific wallet. Example:
    1. Users `A`, `B` and `C` have the `2/3`-wallet `X`
    2. Users `A`, `B` and `D` have the `2/3`-wallet `Y`

>     3. User `A` and `B` submits `presigned` transaction to `X`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. User `A` and `B` submit `presigned` transactions to `X`.
```
